medical marijuana is already a
multi-billion dollar industry the future
is this weed pill I'm still not sure
about this look most people will tell
you Buzz Aldrin walked on the moment but
even a complete idiot will tell you Neil
Armstrong did it first and do you know
why he went first because he pushed Buzz
Aldrin out of the way under satisfied
[Laughter]
[Music]
look man you're at some deep water
Harold like bankruptcy dude then cash
pool no I'm saying you're poor poor
tomorrow you can apply to Mexico what we
want you to hand-deliver the weed pill
formula to the lab windows bs I know I'm
not supposed to touch the minibar but
I'm going to do it you know I don't even
care anyone doing it at having tomorrow
[Music]
what a crybaby Harold I'm just gonna
spit this out hey Effie we sold a little
product to the cartels but when we cut
them off they got a little angry really
luckily I know a guy
I've tracked down dictators if I can
find a guy in middle management the
microchip I need to keep tracking can't
scare me
the tails of the big bad cards house and
all things work not in Mexico Carol
Carol
you really believe in God of course I
believe in God what kind of person does
not believe in God I guess I kind of do
but not things you can just have to get
that every trust me I have good
instincts